Implemented Format Document and Render in Markdown (#21)
terrastruct/d2-vscode: README.md

# VSCode extension for [D2](https://d2lang.com) files.

> ## Currently Supports
> * Open preview to the right (right-click or (ctrl+shift+d) (mac -> shift+cmd+d))
> * Zoom the preview
> * Format Document
> * Render D2 in markdown documents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Current Features
* Syntax highlighting `.d2` files
* Open preview window on the side (right-click or (ctrl+shift+d) (mac -> shift+cmd+d))
* Format Document for `.d2` files
* View rendered D2 code snippets in markdown document preview
```

Author: Fixed.
